Project: Meal Plan Scraper
Goal:
Automatically extract structured recipe data (title, ingredients, instructions, image) from various meal plan websites and store it in a database.

Key Components:
Web Scraper (Puppeteer): To fetch web page content.
Text Pre-processor: To clean and prepare text for the AI.
AI Extractor (GPT-OSS 120B): To parse cleaned text into structured JSON.
Database (PostgreSQL): To store the extracted recipe data.
Simple Plan:
Step 1: Web Scraping with Puppeteer

Input: A URL of a recipe page.
Action:
Launch a headless Chrome browser.
Navigate to the given URL.
Wait for the main recipe content to load (e.g., await page.waitForSelector('.recipe-container')).
Extract all visible text content from the page.
Extract the URL of the main recipe image (filter out small images, logos, or ads based on size/position).
If the URL points to a PDF: attempt to download it and extract its text content. If it's an image-only PDF, skip it.
Output: Raw text content of the recipe page, and the main recipe image URL.
Step 2: Text Pre-processing

Input: Raw text content from Puppeteer.
Action:
Normalize text: convert to lowercase, collapse multiple spaces, remove common boilerplate phrases (e.g., "Print Recipe", "Share on Facebook").
Identify and remove duplicate blocks of text (e.g., if ingredients are listed twice).
Output: Cleaned, de-duplicated text ready for AI processing.
Step 3: Structured Extraction with GPT-OSS 120B

Input: Cleaned text from the pre-processor.
Action:
Send the cleaned text to the GPT-OSS 120B model with a strict JSON schema and temperature=0.
JSON Schema:
json
Copy
{
  "title": "string",
  "category": "main|soup|dessert|snack|drink|other",
  "ingredients": [{"item": "string", "quantity": "string"}],
  "instructions": ["step 1", "step 2", ...],
  "image_url": "string",
  "notes": "string"
}
Validation Loop: If the model's output is not valid JSON according to the schema, re-prompt the same GPT-OSS 120B model to correct its output until valid JSON is received.
Output: Valid JSON object containing the structured recipe data.
Step 4: Database Storage (PostgreSQL)

Input: Valid JSON object from GPT-OSS 120B.
Action:
Store the extracted data into a PostgreSQL database.